Make component config sections correct and consistent (#1799)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/sensor/_index.md

## Configuration

> The servo component supports the following models.
> Click on the component model name for detailed configuration information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For configuration information, click on one of the supported servo models:
```
